bringing back v6/5 props (#1732)
cucumber/cucumber-js: CHANGELOG.md

* Prevent duplicate scenario execution where the same feature is targeted in multiple line expressions ([#1706](https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber-js/issues/1706))
* Fixed reports banner to point to [new docs](https://cucumber.io/docs/cucumber/environment-variables/) about environment variables 

> * errorMessage and errorStack functions are not found [1582](https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber-js/issues/1582)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Re-add color functions for use with custom formatters [1582](https://github.com/cucumber/cucumber-js/issues/1582)
```

Reviewer: (I think the changelog entry should reflect what we did rather than the framing of the issue.)
